oh my gosh
it's not a good idea to leave your iPad
in there why cuz like a hundred degrees
out Oh
wait.you pod plus if you leave it in the
car in attendance
it's probably not a good idea to leave
it in the cold too
yes I'll put it back my Walker all right
let's go
you
guys check it out I'm jailbroke my iPad
now I can get music movies and whatever
I want for free whoa you know that's
completely get a school policy and it's
totally lame please
well I mean I guess I should pay like
everybody else maybe go check with the
IT guy see if you can resend this for me
you
so sick of this case I'm just
gonna take it off we can do that might
be customer cried and you need to have a
cover all four corners in the front the
back I guess you're right
at least let me clean it first wait you
can't use them either
why not that's an abrasive cleaner and
over on the street here I'm clapping
news oh thanks
you
all right Taylor retroarch I lent it out
to a friend and they totally filled my
battery but I swear I did it I just
can't show to you anything really okay
well there's two things wrong with this
scenario number one you should never at
lend your iPad up it's your
responsibility I mean if you lend it out
and they break it your parents are gonna
be really ticked off that they're going
to pay for it
number two you're not prepared for class
just as if you didn't have a book read
didn't have your paper no work so you're
gonna have to get a zero for now it's
next time to keep it charged
why aren't they doing too good
don't you know you're not supposed to be
watching anything inappropriate with
foul language or threatening material
the IT guys have content filtering
they're probably flagging you right now
serious they're gonna send you mr.
Arnold's
I'm going to go ahead and sink my iPad
to the computer so I get all my stuff
from home on here wait I think you can
do that why not because when you sink
everything from iTunes it erases
everything that could council put on
there and you're getting really big
trouble
oh I guess I'm gonna do it then
look at what I found someone left their
eye patch there I'm gonna write Taylor
here on it please don't do you have why
because vandalizing some property fine
sure well you wait you didn't get throw
that why I'm gonna break it
is it yours no this is it someone's here
well you know she's clever turn it to IT
department see who's it actually is I'll
get it myself
fine
you
hey don't you notice against school
policy or teachers and students without
their
yeah I don't think michael kors beating
down your door so this mean what
supposed to do that to you
whatever
hey it's on Tuesday and everything's on
the portal that doesn't even know so you
should be thinking about them take care
I'm sorry tonight I'm gonna tell em real
good
all right you all right oh my gosh
what I forgot my iPad I don't know where
do you leave it anywhere I think I'm
going out I can't yeah I do love these
that's good nobody can get into it then
yeah I because starting here it's not
either
yeah go to work go to work you just have
to go to the computer once let's go
about it understand it's locked
look it's in the school okay
yeah see we shows right where it is we
could either play sound do a lost mode
or a race I attend from Plato's own I
guess yeah what it's in your Easter zone
epic is swimmers
you